---
page_title: "btp_directory_role_collection Data Source - terraform-provider-btp"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Gets details about a specific directory role collection.
  Tip:
  You must be assigned to the admin or viewer role of the global account, directory.
---

# btp_directory_role_collection (Data Source)

Gets details about a specific directory role collection.

__Tip:__
You must be assigned to the admin or viewer role of the global account, directory.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "btp_directory_role_collection" "directory_admin" {
  directory_id = "dd005d8b-1fee-4e6b-b6ff-cb9a197b7fe0"
  name         = "Directory Administrator"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `directory_id` (String) The ID of the directory.
- `name` (String) The name of the role collection.

### Optional

- `show_attribute_mappings` (Boolean) If set to true, the data source will also return which user attributes and user groups provided by an identity provider effectively grant this role collection.

### Read-Only

- `attribute_mappings` (Attributes Set) List of user attributes and user groups from identity providers that effectively grant this role collection. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--attribute_mappings))
- `description` (String) The description of the role collection.
- `id` (String, Deprecated) The ID of the directory.
- `read_only` (Boolean) Shows whether the role collection is read-only.
- `roles` (Attributes Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--roles))

<a id="nestedatt--attribute_mappings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `attribute_mappings`

Read-Only:

- `attribute` (String) The user attribute or group name used in the mapping.
- `identity_provider` (String) The display name of the identity provider from which the attribute or group mapping originates.
- `operator` (String) The operator applied in the attribute mapping. Only `equals` is currently supported.
- `value` (String) The value of the user attribute or group that grants the role collection.


<a id="nestedatt--roles"></a>
### Nested Schema for `roles`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) The description of the referenced role
- `name` (String) The name of the referenced role.
- `role_template_app_id` (String) The name of the referenced template app id
- `role_template_name` (String) The name of the referenced role template.