---
page_title: "btp_globalaccount_role_collection Data Source - terraform-provider-btp"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Gets details about a specific global account role collection.
  Tip:
  You must be assigned to the admin or viewer role of the global account.
---

# btp_globalaccount_role_collection (Data Source)

Gets details about a specific global account role collection.

__Tip:__
You must be assigned to the admin or viewer role of the global account.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "btp_globalaccount_role_collection" "globalaccount_admin" {
  name = "Global Account Administrator"
}

# Show which groups and attribute rules from identity providers grant this role collection
data "btp_globalaccount_role_collection" "globalaccount_admin_with_attribute_mappings" {
  name                    = "Global Account Administrator"
  show_attribute_mappings = true
}

# Show all users who have this role collection, including those assigned via groups
data "btp_globalaccount_role_collection" "globalaccount_admin_with_user_assignments" {
  name                  = "Global Account Administrator"
  show_user_assignments = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the role collection.

### Optional

- `show_attribute_mappings` (Boolean) If set to true, the data source will also return which user attributes and user groups provided by an identity provider effectively grant this role collection.
- `show_user_assignments` (Boolean) If set to true, the data source will also return all users (including those assigned via groups) who have been granted this role collection.

### Read-Only

- `attribute_mappings` (Attributes Set) List of user attributes and user groups from identity providers that effectively grant this role collection. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--attribute_mappings))
- `description` (String) The description of the role collection.
- `id` (String, Deprecated) The ID of the global account.
- `read_only` (Boolean) Shows whether the role collection is read-only.
- `roles` (Attributes Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--roles))
- `user_assignments` (Attributes Set) List of all users who have been granted this role collection, including those assigned via groups. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--user_assignments))

<a id="nestedatt--attribute_mappings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `attribute_mappings`

Read-Only:

- `attribute` (String) The user attribute or group name used in the mapping.
- `identity_provider` (String) The display name of the identity provider from which the attribute or group mapping originates.
- `operator` (String) The operator applied in the attribute mapping. Only `equals` is currently supported.
- `value` (String) The value of the user attribute or group that grants the role collection.


<a id="nestedatt--roles"></a>
### Nested Schema for `roles`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) The description of the referenced role
- `name` (String) The name of the referenced role.
- `role_template_app_id` (String) The name of the referenced template app id
- `role_template_name` (String) The name of the referenced role template.


<a id="nestedatt--user_assignments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_assignments`

Read-Only:

- `email` (String) The email address of the user.
- `family_name` (String) The family name of the user.
- `given_name` (String) The given name of the user.
- `id` (String) The unique ID of the user in the identity provider.
- `origin` (String) The identity provider origin of the user.
- `username` (String) The username of the user.
- `zone_id` (String) The zone ID of the identity provider the user belongs to.