---
page_title: "btp_subaccount_environments Data Source - terraform-provider-btp"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  List all the available environments for a subaccount.
  This includes the environments, such as Cloud Foundry, which are available by default to all subaccounts, and those restricted environments, such as Kyma, which are offered in the product catalog as service entitlements and whose plans have already been assigned by a global account admin to the subaccount.
  Tips
  You must be assigned to the subaccount admin or viewer role.
---

# btp_subaccount_environments (Data Source)

List all the available environments for a subaccount.

This includes the environments, such as Cloud Foundry, which are available by default to all subaccounts, and those restricted environments, such as Kyma, which are offered in the product catalog as service entitlements and whose plans have already been assigned by a global account admin to the subaccount.

__Tips__
You must be assigned to the subaccount admin or viewer role.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "btp_subaccount_environments" "all" {
  subaccount_id = "6aa64c2f-38c1-49a9-b2e8-cf9fea769b7f"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `subaccount_id` (String) The ID of the subaccount.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String, Deprecated) The ID of the subaccount.
- `values` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--values))

<a id="nestedatt--values"></a>
### Nested Schema for `values`

Read-Only:

- `availability_level` (String) The availability level of the environment broker.
- `description` (String) The description of the environment.
- `environment_type` (String) The type of environment that is available (for example: cloudfoundry).
- `landscape_label` (String) The landscape label of the environment broker.
- `plan_name` (String) Name of the service plan for the available environment.
- `plan_updateable` (Boolean) Specifies if the consumer can change the plan of an existing instance of the environment.
- `schema_create` (String) The create schema of the environment broker.
- `schema_update` (String) The update schema of the environment broker.
- `service_description` (String) The short description of the service.
- `service_display_name` (String) The display name of the service.
- `service_name` (String) Name of the service offered in the catalog of the corresponding environment broker (for example: cloudfoundry).
- `technical_key` (String) Technical key of the corresponding environment broker.