---
page_title: "btp_subaccount_destinations Data Source - terraform-provider-btp"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Gets list of all subaccount destinations details/names.
  Tip:
  You must have the appropriate connectivity and destination permissions, such as:
  Subaccount Administrator
  Destination Administrator
  Destination Viewer
  Connectivity and Destination Administrator
---

# btp_subaccount_destinations (Data Source)

Gets list of all subaccount destinations details/names.
__Tip:__
You must have the appropriate connectivity and destination permissions, such as:

Subaccount Administrator
Destination Administrator
Destination Viewer
Connectivity and Destination Administrator

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Read all destination for a given subaccount
data "btp_subaccount_destinations" "dest_by_subacount" {
  subaccount_id = "6aa64c2f-38c1-49a9-b2e8-cf9fea769b7f"
}

# Read all destination for a given subaccount with names only
data "btp_subaccount_destinations" "dest_by_subacount_names_only" {
  subaccount_id = "6aa64c2f-38c1-49a9-b2e8-cf9fea769b7f"
  names_only    = true
}

# Read all destination for a given subaccount and service instance
data "btp_subaccount_destinations" "dest_by_subacount_and_service_instance" {
  subaccount_id       = "6aa64c2f-38c1-49a9-b2e8-cf9fea769b7f"
  service_instance_id = "6aa64c2f-38c1-49a9-b2e8-cf9fea769b7f"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `subaccount_id` (String) The ID of the subaccount.

### Optional

- `names_only` (Boolean) The Bool value for getting names only. Default value is false.
- `service_instance_id` (String) The service instance that becomes part of the path used to access the destination of the subaccount.

### Read-Only

- `destination_names` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--destination_names))
- `values` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--values))

<a id="nestedatt--destination_names"></a>
### Nested Schema for `destination_names`

Required:

- `name` (String) The descriptive name of the destination for subaccount


<a id="nestedatt--values"></a>
### Nested Schema for `values`

Optional:

- `additional_configuration` (String) The additional configuration parameters for the destination.

Read-Only:

- `authentication` (String) The authentication of the destination.
- `creation_time` (String) The date and time when the resource was created.
- `description` (String) The description of the destination.
- `etag` (String) The etag for the destination resource
- `modification_time` (String) The date and time when the resource was modified.
- `name` (String) The descriptive name of the destination for subaccount
- `proxy_type` (String) The proxytype of the destination.
- `service_instance_id` (String) The service instance that becomes part of the path used to access the destination of the subaccount.
- `subaccount_id` (String) The ID of the subaccount.
- `type` (String) The type of request from destination.
- `url` (String) The url of the destination.