---
page_title: "btp_subaccount_trust_configurations Data Source - terraform-provider-btp"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Gets all trust configurations that are configured for your subaccount.
  Tip:
  You must be assigned to the admin or viewer role of the subaccount.
  Further documentation:
  https://help.sap.com/docs/btp/sap-business-technology-platform/trust-and-federation-with-identity-providers
---

# btp_subaccount_trust_configurations (Data Source)

Gets all trust configurations that are configured for your subaccount.

__Tip:__
You must be assigned to the admin or viewer role of the subaccount.

__Further documentation:__
<https://help.sap.com/docs/btp/sap-business-technology-platform/trust-and-federation-with-identity-providers>

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "btp_subaccount_trust_configurations" "all" {
  subaccount_id = "6aa64c2f-38c1-49a9-b2e8-cf9fea769b7f"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `subaccount_id` (String) The ID of the subaccount.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String, Deprecated) The ID of the subaccount.
- `values` (Attributes List) The trust configurations associated with the subaccount. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--values))

<a id="nestedatt--values"></a>
### Nested Schema for `values`

Read-Only:

- `auto_create_shadow_users` (Boolean) Shows whether any user from the tenant can log in. If not set, only the ones who already have a shadow user can log in.
- `available_for_user_logon` (Boolean) Shows whether end users can choose the trust configuration for login. If not set, the trust configuration can remain active, however only application users that explicitly specify the origin key can use if for login.
- `description` (String) The description of the trust configuration.
- `domain` (String) The tenant's domain which should be used for user logon.
- `id` (String, Deprecated) The origin of the identity provider.
- `identity_provider` (String) The name of the Identity Authentication tenant the subaccount is connected to.
- `link_text` (String) Short string that helps users to identify the link for login.
- `name` (String) The display name of the trust configuration.
- `origin` (String) The origin of the identity provider.
- `protocol` (String) The protocol used to establish trust with the identity provider.
- `read_only` (Boolean) Shows whether the trust configuration can be modified.
- `status` (String) Shows whether the identity provider is currently 'active' or 'inactive'.
- `type` (String) The trust type.