---
page_title: "btp_subaccount_service_offerings Data Source - terraform-provider-btp"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Lists the services your subaccount is entitled to use in your runtime environment.
---

# btp_subaccount_service_offerings (Data Source)

Lists the services your subaccount is entitled to use in your runtime environment.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# look up all service offerings in a given subaccount 
data "btp_subaccount_service_offerings" "all" {
  subaccount_id = "6aa64c2f-38c1-49a9-b2e8-cf9fea769b7f"
}

# look up services offerings available on sapbtp environment in a given subaccount
data "btp_subaccount_service_offerings" "sapbtp" {
  subaccount_id = "6aa64c2f-38c1-49a9-b2e8-cf9fea769b7f"
  environment   = "sapbtp"
}

# look up services offerings available on kubernetes environment in a given subaccount
data "btp_subaccount_service_offerings" "k8s" {
  subaccount_id = "6aa64c2f-38c1-49a9-b2e8-cf9fea769b7f"
  environment   = "kubernetes"
}

# look up services offerings wich have a specifc label assigned in a given subaccount
data "btp_subaccount_service_offerings" "labeled" {
  subaccount_id = "6aa64c2f-38c1-49a9-b2e8-cf9fea769b7f"
  labels_filter = "a_label eq 'label-value'"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `subaccount_id` (String) The ID of the subaccount.

### Optional

- `environment` (String) Lists services to be consumed in a Cloud Foundry or Kubernetes-native way. Valid values are: 
 
  | value | description | 
  | --- | --- | 
  | cloudfoundry | Cloud Foundry | 
  | kubernetes | Kubernetes |
- `fields_filter` (String) Filters the response based on the field query. For example, use "name eq 'my service offering name'".
- `labels_filter` (String) Filters the response based on the label query.  For example, to list all the service offerings associated with the testing environment, use "environment eq 'test'".

### Read-Only

- `id` (String, Deprecated) The ID of the subaccount.
- `values` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--values))

<a id="nestedatt--values"></a>
### Nested Schema for `values`

Read-Only:

- `allow_context_updates` (Boolean) Shows whether the context for the service offering can be updated.
- `bindable` (Boolean) Shows whether the service offering is bindable.
- `bindings_retrievable` (Boolean) Shows whether the bindings associated with the service offering can be retrieved.
- `broker_id` (String) The ID of the broker that provides the service plan.
- `catalog_id` (String) The ID of the service offering as provided by the catalog.
- `catalog_name` (String) The catalog name of the service offering.
- `created_date` (String) The date and time when the resource was created in [RFC3339](https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc3339.txt) format.
- `description` (String) The description of the service offering.
- `id` (String) The ID of the service offering.
- `instances_retrievable` (Boolean) Shows whether the service instances associated with the service offering can be retrieved.
- `last_modified` (String) The date and time when the resource was last modified in [RFC3339](https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc3339.txt) format.
- `name` (String) The name of the service offering.
- `plan_updateable` (Boolean) Shows whether the offered plan can be updated.
- `ready` (Boolean) Shows whether the service offering is ready to be advertised.
- `tags` (Set of String) The list of tags for the service offering.