---
page_title: "btp_subaccount_subscription Data Source - terraform-provider-btp"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Gets details of a specific multitenant application to which a subaccount is entitled to subscribe.
  Tip:
  You must be assigned to the admin or viewer role of the subaccount.
---

# btp_subaccount_subscription (Data Source)

Gets details of a specific multitenant application to which a subaccount is entitled to subscribe.

__Tip:__
You must be assigned to the admin or viewer role of the subaccount.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "btp_subaccount_subscription" "content_agent_ui_free" {
  subaccount_id = "6aa64c2f-38c1-49a9-b2e8-cf9fea769b7f"
  app_name      = "content-agent-ui"
  plan_name     = "free"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_name` (String) The unique registration name of the deployed multitenant application as defined by the app developer.
- `plan_name` (String) The plan name of the application to which the consumer has subscribed.
- `subaccount_id` (String) The ID of the subaccount.

### Read-Only

- `additional_plan_features` (Set of String) The list of features specific to this plan.
- `app_id` (String) The ID returned by XSUAA after the app provider has performed a bind of the multitenant application to a XSUAA service instance.
- `authentication_provider` (String) The authentication provider of the multitenant application. * XSUAA is the SAP Authorization and Trust Management service that defines scopes and permissions for users as tenants at the global account level. * IAS is Identity Authentication Service that defines scopes and permissions for users in zones (common data isolation systems across systems, SaaS tenants, and services).
- `category` (String) The technical name of the category defined by the app developer to which the multitenant application is grouped in customer-facing UIs.
- `commercial_app_name` (String) The commercial name of the deployed multitenant application as defined by the app developer.
- `created_date` (String) The date and time when the resource was created in [RFC3339](https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc3339.txt) format.
- `customer_developed` (Boolean) Shows whether the application was developed by a customer. If not, then the application is developed by the cloud operator, such as SAP.
- `description` (String) The description of the multitenant application.
- `display_name` (String) The display name of the application for customer-facing UIs.
- `formation_solution_name` (String) The name of the formations solution associated with the multitenant application.
- `globalaccount_id` (String) The ID of the associated global account.
- `id` (String) The technical ID generated by XSUAA for a multitenant application when a consumer subscribes to the application.
- `labels` (Map of Set of String) The set of words or phrases assigned to the multitenant application subscription.
- `last_modified` (String) The date and time when the resource was last modified in [RFC3339](https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc3339.txt) format.
- `parameters` (String) The parameters of the subscription as a valid JSON object.
- `platform_entity_id` (String) The ID of the landscape-specific environment.
- `quota` (Number) The total amount the subscribed subaccount is entitled to consume.
- `state` (String) The subscription state of the subaccount regarding the multitenant application.
- `subscribed_subaccount_id` (String) The ID of the subaccount which is subscribed to the multitenant application.
- `subscribed_tenant_id` (String) The ID of the tenant which is subscribed to a multitenant application.
- `subscription_url` (String) The URL for app users to launch the subscribed application.
- `supports_parameters_updates` (Boolean) Specifies whether a consumer, whose subaccount is subscribed to the application, can change its subscriptions parameters.
- `supports_plan_updates` (Boolean) Specifies whether a consumer, whose subaccount is subscribed to the application, can change the subscription to a different plan that is available for this application and subaccount.
- `tenant_id` (String) The tenant ID of the application provider.