---
page_title: "btp_subaccount_trust_configuration Data Source - terraform-provider-btp"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Gets details about a trust configuration.
  Tip:
  You must be viewer or administrator of the subaccount.
  Further documentation:
  https://help.sap.com/docs/btp/sap-btp-neo-environment/platform-identity-provider
---

# btp_subaccount_trust_configuration (Data Source)

Gets details about a trust configuration.

__Tip:__
You must be viewer or administrator of the subaccount.

__Further documentation:__
<https://help.sap.com/docs/btp/sap-btp-neo-environment/platform-identity-provider>

## Example Usage

```terraform
# default identity provider
data "btp_subaccount_trust_configuration" "default" {
  subaccount_id = "6aa64c2f-38c1-49a9-b2e8-cf9fea769b7f"
  origin        = "sap.default"
}

# custom identity provider
data "btp_subaccount_trust_configuration" "custom" {
  subaccount_id = "6aa64c2f-38c1-49a9-b2e8-cf9fea769b7f"
  origin        = "terraformint-platform"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `origin` (String) The origin of the identity provider.
- `subaccount_id` (String) The ID of the subaccount.

### Read-Only

- `auto_create_shadow_users` (Boolean) Shows whether any user from the tenant can log in. If not set, only the ones who already have a shadow user can log in.
- `available_for_user_logon` (Boolean) Shows whether end users can choose the trust configuration for login. If not set, the trust configuration can remain active, however only application users that explicitly specify the origin key can use if for login.
- `description` (String) The description of the trust configuration.
- `domain` (String) The tenant's domain which should be used for user logon.
- `id` (String, Deprecated) The origin of the identity provider.
- `identity_provider` (String) The name of the Identity Authentication tenant the subaccount is connected to.
- `link_text` (String) Short string that helps users to identify the link for login.
- `name` (String) The display name of the trust configuration.
- `protocol` (String) The protocol used to establish trust with the identity provider.
- `read_only` (Boolean) Shows whether the trust configuration can be modified.
- `status` (String) Shows whether the identity provider is currently 'active' or 'inactive'.
- `type` (String) The trust type.