---
page_title: "btp_subaccount_environment_instances Data Source - terraform-provider-btp"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Gets all the environment instances in a subaccount.
  Tip:
  You must be assigned to the subaccount admin or viewer role.
---

# btp_subaccount_environment_instances (Data Source)

Gets all the environment instances in a subaccount.

__Tip:__
You must be assigned to the subaccount admin or viewer role.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "btp_subaccount_environment_instances" "all" {
  subaccount_id = "6aa64c2f-38c1-49a9-b2e8-cf9fea769b7f"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `subaccount_id` (String) The ID of the subaccount.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String, Deprecated) The ID of the subaccount.
- `values` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--values))

<a id="nestedatt--values"></a>
### Nested Schema for `values`

Read-Only:

- `broker_id` (String) The ID of the associated environment broker.
- `created_date` (String) The date and time when the resource was created in [RFC3339](https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc3339.txt) format.
- `custom_labels` (Map of Set of String)
- `dashboard_url` (String) The URL of the service dashboard, which is a web-based management user interface for the service instances.
- `description` (String) The description of the environment instance.
- `environment_type` (String) The type of the environment instance that is used.
- `id` (String) The ID of the environment instance.
- `labels` (String) The Broker-specified key-value pairs that specify attributes of an environment instance.
- `landscape_label` (String) The name of the landscape within the logged-in region on which the environment instance is created.
- `last_modified` (String) The date and time when the resource was last modified in [RFC3339](https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc3339.txt) format.
- `name` (String) The name of the environment instance.
- `operation` (String) An identifier that represents the last operation. This ID is returned by the environment brokers.
- `parameters` (String) The configuration parameters for the environment instance.
- `plan_id` (String) The ID of the service plan for the environment instance in the corresponding service broker's catalog.
- `plan_name` (String) The name of the service plan for the environment instance in the corresponding service broker's catalog.
- `platform_id` (String) The ID of the platform for the environment instance in the corresponding service broker's catalog.
- `service_id` (String) The ID of the service for the environment instance in the corresponding service broker's catalog.
- `service_name` (String) The name of the service for the environment instance in the corresponding service broker's catalog.
- `state` (String) The current state of the environment instance. Possible values are: 

  | state | description | 
  | --- | --- | 
  | `OK` | The CRUD operation or series of operations completed successfully. | 
  | `CREATING` | Creating of the environment instance is in progress. | 
  | `CREATION_FAILED` | The creation of the environment instance failed, and the environment instance was not created or was created but cannot be used. | 
  | `UPDATING` | Updating of the environment instance is in progress. | 
  | `UPDATE_FAILED` | The update of the environment instance failed, and  the environment instance was not updated. | 
  | `DELETING` | Deleting of the environment instance is in progress. | 
  | `DELETION_FAILED` | The deletion of the environment instance failed, and the environment instance was not deleted. |
- `tenant_id` (String) The ID of the tenant that owns the environment instance.
- `type` (String) The last provisioning operation on the environment instance. Possible values are: 

  | value | description | 
  | --- | --- | 
  | `Provision` | The environment instance is created. | 
  | `Update` | The environment instance is changed. | 
  | `Deprovision` | The environment instance is deleted. |