---
page_title: "btp_subaccount_service_offering Data Source - terraform-provider-btp"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Gets details about a specific service offering such as its ID, name, description, metadata, the associated service brokers, and more.
---

# btp_subaccount_service_offering (Data Source)

Gets details about a specific service offering such as its ID, name, description, metadata, the associated service brokers, and more.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# look up offering by ID and subaccount ID
data "btp_subaccount_service_offering" "by_id" {
  subaccount_id = "6aa64c2f-38c1-49a9-b2e8-cf9fea769b7f"
  id            = "4e953cf1-7eda-4ebb-a58c-02c6ebfe45fb"
}

# look up offering by offering name and subaccount ID
data "btp_subaccount_service_offering" "by_name" {
  subaccount_id = "6aa64c2f-38c1-49a9-b2e8-cf9fea769b7f"
  name          = "auditlog-management"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `subaccount_id` (String) The ID of the subaccount.

### Optional

- `id` (String) The ID of the service offering.
- `name` (String) The name of the service offering.

### Read-Only

- `allow_context_updates` (Boolean) Shows whether the context for the service offering can be updated.
- `bindable` (Boolean) Shows whether the service offering is bindable.
- `bindings_retrievable` (Boolean) Shows whether the bindings associated with the service offering can be retrieved.
- `broker_id` (String) The ID of the broker that provides the service plan.
- `catalog_id` (String) The ID of the service offering as provided by the catalog.
- `catalog_name` (String) The catalog name of the service offering.
- `created_date` (String) The date and time when the resource was created in [RFC3339](https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc3339.txt) format.
- `description` (String) The description of the service offering.
- `instances_retrievable` (Boolean) Shows whether the service instances associated with the service offering can be retrieved.
- `last_modified` (String) The date and time when the resource was last modified in [RFC3339](https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc3339.txt) format.
- `plan_updateable` (Boolean) Shows whether the offered plan can be updated.
- `ready` (Boolean) Shows whether the service offering is ready to be advertised.
- `tags` (Set of String) The list of tags for the service offering.