---
page_title: "SAP BTP Provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The Terraform provider for SAP BTP enables you to automate the provisioning, management, and configuration of resources on SAP Business Technology Platform https://account.hana.ondemand.com/. By leveraging this provider, you can simplify and streamline the deployment and maintenance of BTP services and applications.
---
# Terraform Provider for SAP BTP

The Terraform provider for SAP BTP enables you to automate the provisioning, management, and configuration of resources on [SAP Business Technology Platform](https://account.hana.ondemand.com/). By leveraging this provider, you can simplify and streamline the deployment and maintenance of BTP services and applications.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    btp = {
      source  = "SAP/btp"
      version = "1.20.0"
    }
  }
}

# Configure the BTP Provider
provider "btp" {
  globalaccount = "my-global-account-subdomain"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `globalaccount` (String) The subdomain of the global account in which you want to manage resources. To be found in the cockpit, in the global account view.

### Optional

- `assertion` (String, Sensitive) A valid assertion JWT token. To be provided instead of 'username' and 'password'. This can also be sourced from the `BTP_ASSERTION` environment variable. This authentication method is only supported when using a custom Identity Provider (IdP).
- `cli_server_url` (String) The URL of the BTP CLI server (e.g. `https://cli.btp.cloud.sap`).
- `idp` (String) The identity provider to be used for authentication (only required for custom idp).
- `idtoken` (String, Sensitive) A valid id token. To be provided instead of 'username' and 'password'. This can also be sourced from the `BTP_IDTOKEN` environment variable. (SAP-internal usage only)
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Your password. Note that two-factor authentication is not supported. This can also be sourced from the `BTP_PASSWORD` environment variable.
- `tls_client_certificate` (String) PEM encoded certificate (only required for x509 auth).
- `tls_client_key` (String) PEM encoded private key (only required for x509 auth).
- `tls_idp_url` (String) The URL of the identity provider to be used for authentication (only required for x509 auth).
- `username` (String) Your user name, usually an e-mail address. This can also be sourced from the `BTP_USERNAME` environment variable.

## Get Started

If you're not familiar with Terraform yet, see the [Fundamentals](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/tutorials/cli) section with a lot of helpful tutorials.

To learn how to use this provider, see the [Get Started with the Terraform Provider for SAP BTP](https://developers.sap.com/tutorials/btp-terraform-get-started.html) tutorial in the SAP Developer Center.

## Best Practices

For the best experience using the SAP BTP provider, we recommend applying the common best practices for Terraform adoption as described in the Hashicorp documentation. For example, see [Phases of Terraform Adoption](https://developer.hashicorp.com/well-architected-framework/operational-excellence/operational-excellence-terraform-maturity).

## Authentication

### Important Note about Authentication

The SAP BTP provider offers the authentication via `username` and `password`. Be aware that this authentication is not compatible with the SAP Universal ID. For details on how to resolve this please see SAP Note [3085908 - Getting an error (e.g. invalid credentials) in certain applications (e.g. SAP Download Manager) when using S-user ID or SAP Universal ID](https://me.sap.com/notes/3085908).

If you have multiple user accounts with the same email address, log on with your user ID (S-user or P-user) instead of your email address.

### Authentication Independent Parameters

Some parameters offered by the provider configuration are not depending on the login flow. They must be set depending on your SAP BTP landscape and your overall authentication setup. These parameters are:

- `globalaccount`: You must always specify the *subdomain* of your SAP BTP Global Account that you want to address.
- `idp`: You must provide a value for the identity provider if you use a custom identity provider to authenticate. Be aware that the value for the `idp` is not URL of the identity provider but the name as e.g. visible in the SAP BTP Cockpit in the Trust Configurations.
- `cli_server_url`: Depending on your SAP BTP landscape you might need to provide a URL for the BTP CLI server. The URL is defaulted to `https://cli.btp.cloud.sap` which should be correct for most scenarios. If you are in a private cloud and your operator has provided you with a different server URL, you must enter that one.


### Authentication to SAP BTP using Username and Password

A supported authentication flow is the *username-password flow*. The configuration of the provider using the SAP default identity provider requires values for the `globalaccount`, `username` and `password`.

An example for a provider configuration looks like this:

```terraform
# Configure the BTP Provider
# We recommend to source username and password from environment variables
provider "btp" {
  globalaccount = "my-global-account-subdomain"
  username      = var.username
  password      = var.password
}
```

The configuration of the provider using a custom identity provider requires in addition to the previous example a value for the parameter `idp`.

An example for a provider configuration with a custom identity provider looks like this:

```terraform
# Configure the BTP Provider
# We recommend to source username and password from environment variables
provider "btp" {
  globalaccount = "my-global-account-subdomain"
  idp           = "customerTenant.accounts.ondemand.com"
  username      = var.username
  password      = var.password
}
```

We recommend sourcing the username and password via the environment variables `BTP_USERNAME` and `BTP_PASSWORD`. In case you want to provide the username and password via variables make sure to follow the guidance given in the [Hashicorp documentation](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/tutorials/configuration-language/sensitive-variables) and never commit the values to a source code management system.

### Authentication to SAP BTP using X509 certificates

A supported authentication flow is the *X509 flow*. This authentication must be configured in the SAP Cloud Identity Service as described in [help.sap.com](https://help.sap.com/docs/cloud-identity-services/cloud-identity-services/configure-x-509-client-certificates-for-user-authentication).

For our example configuration we assume that the X509 certificate and the X509 private key are stored in local files called `btp-tech-user-cert.pem` and `btp-tech-user-key.pem`. The files must be PEM encoded. You can achieve this e.g., via [openssl](https://docs.openssl.org/master/man1/openssl-x509/).

An example for a provider configuration looks like this:

```terraform
# Configure the BTP Provider
provider "btp" {
  globalaccount          = "my-global-account-subdomain"
  idp                    = "customerTenant.accounts.ondemand.com"
  username               = "btp-tech-user@customer-domain.de"
  tls_client_certificate = file("PATH_TO_FILE/btp-tech-user-cert.pem")
  tls_client_key         = file("PATH_TO_FILE/btp-tech-user-key.pem")
  tls_idp_url            = "https://customerTenant.accounts.ondemand.com"
}
```

We used the Terraform [file function](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/functions/file) to provide the content for the parameters `tls_client_certificate` and `tls_client_key` as a string. You can also directly provide the string to these parameters

### Authentication to SAP BTP using JWT Bearer Assertion flow

A supported authentication flow is the *JWT Bearer Assertion flow*. This flow requires a custom identity provider.

An example for a provider configuration looks like this:

```terraform
provider "btp" {
  globalaccount = "my-global-account-subdomain"
  idp           = "customerTenant.accounts.ondemand.com"
  assertion    = "yourJWTtoken"
 }

```

Be aware that the JWT token can be sourced via the environment variable `BTP_ASSERTION`.

For details on the configuration we refer to the following blog post [Bye-Bye Credentials! Automate BTP & Cloud Foundry Setup with Terraform using Github Actions and Github OIDC](https://dev.to/vipinvkmenon/bye-bye-credentials-automate-btp-cloud-foundry-setup-with-terraform-using-github-actions-and-3m07).

### SAP Internal Authentication Parameters

Some parameters offered by the provider configuration are for SAP-internal use only. They are not in scope of this documentation.
The parameter that falls into this category is the `idtoken`.

## Single Sign On

The provider supports login via Single Sign-On (SSO) as well. To enable this you need to set the environment variable `BTP_ENABLE_SSO` to `true`. Additionally, ensure that you run your scripts in a desktop environment. It's important to note that the SSO login feature is not intended for use in containerized environments or CI/CD pipelines.

## Custom User-Agent Information

By default, the underlying BTP client used by the Terraform BTP Provider creates requests with User-Agent headers that include information about Terraform and BTP Terraform provider versions. To add more details to the User-Agent headers, the `BTP_APPEND_USER_AGENT` environment variable can be set, and its value will be directly added to HTTP requests. E.g.,

```bash
% export BTP_APPEND_USER_AGENT="Optional_Extra_Information"
```

## Drift Detection

The mechanism to detect drifts in your infrastructure is provided by the `terraform plan` command that compares the current state of the infrastructure with the Terraform state. You can find the details of the `terraform plan` command in the [official Terraform documentation](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cli/commands/plan). Be aware to use the `-refresh-only` flag when executing the `terraform plan` command to ensure that all planned changes to the state get displayed.

You can find further information on drift detection and limitations in the [Terraform provider repository](https://github.com/SAP/terraform-provider-btp/blob/main/guides/DRIFTDETECTION.md).

## Import

The documentation of each resource shows if the resource can be imported, and which keys are needed. To provide a quick overview we listed the resources in the [Terraform provider repository](https://github.com/SAP/terraform-provider-btp/blob/main/guides/IMPORT.md). To import a resource whose ID contains commas or other special characters, you should consider to use the import block with a resource identity if the resource supports identity-based import.
