---
page_title: "btp_subaccount Resource - terraform-provider-btp"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Create a subaccount in a global account or directory.
  Tips
  You must be assigned to the global account or directory admin role.
  Further documentation
  https://help.sap.com/viewer/65de2977205c403bbc107264b8eccf4b/Cloud/en-US/8ed4a705efa0431b910056c0acdbf377.html
---

# btp_subaccount (Resource)

Create a subaccount in a global account or directory.

__Tips__
You must be assigned to the global account or directory admin role.

__Further documentation__
https://help.sap.com/viewer/65de2977205c403bbc107264b8eccf4b/Cloud/en-US/8ed4a705efa0431b910056c0acdbf377.html

## Example Usage

```terraform
# create a subaccount in eu30 region (GCP)
resource "btp_subaccount" "my_project" {
  name      = "My Project"
  subdomain = "my-project"
  region    = "eu30"
}

# create a subaccount in every Azure region which has support for cloudfoundry

# Look up all regions via data source
data "btp_regions" "all" {}

# create the subaccounts by iterating over the regions with the defined constraints
resource "btp_subaccount" "my_project_on_azure" {
  for_each = { for dc in data.btp_regions.all.values : dc.region => dc if dc.environment == "cloudfoundry" && dc.iaas_provider == "AZURE" }

  name      = "My CF Project (${each.key})"
  subdomain = "my-project-${each.key}"
  region    = each.key
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) A descriptive name of the subaccount for customer-facing UIs.
- `region` (String) The region in which the subaccount was created.
- `subdomain` (String) The subdomain that becomes part of the path used to access the authorization tenant of the subaccount. Must be unique within the defined region and cannot be changed after the subaccount has been created.

### Optional

- `beta_enabled` (Boolean) Whether the subaccount can use beta services and applications.
- `description` (String) A description of the subaccount for customer-facing UIs.
- `labels` (Map of Set of String) Set of words or phrases assigned to the subaccount.
- `parent_id` (String) The GUID of the subaccount’s parent entity. If the subaccount is located directly in the global account (not in a directory), then this is the GUID of the global account.

### Read-Only

- `created_by` (String) Details of the user that created the subaccount.
- `created_date` (String) The date and time the resource was created in [RFC3339](https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc3339.txt) format.
- `id` (String) The ID of the subaccount.
- `last_modified` (String) The date and time the resource was last modified in [RFC3339](https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc3339.txt) format.
- `parent_features` (Set of String) The features of parent entity of the subaccount.
- `state` (String) The current state of the subaccount. Possible values are: 
	 - `OK`
	 - `CANCELED`
	 - `CREATING`
	 - `CREATION_FAILED`
	 - `DELETING`
	 - `DELETION_FAILED`
	 - `MIGRATING`
	 - `MIGRATION_FAILED`
	 - `MIGRATED`
	 - `MOVE_FAILED`
	 - `MOVE_TO_OTHER_GA_FAILED`
	 - `MOVING`
	 - `MOVING_TO_OTHER_GA`
	 - `PENDING_REVIEW`
	 - `PROCESSING`
	 - `PROCESSING_FAILED`
	 - `ROLLBACK_MIGRATION_PROCESSING`
	 - `STARTED`
	 - `SUSPENSION_FAILED`
	 - `UPDATE_ACCOUNT_TYPE_FAILED`
	 - `UPDATE_DIRECTORY_TYPE_FAILED`
	 - `UPDATE_FAILED`
	 - `UPDATING`
- `usage` (String) Whether the subaccount is used for production purposes. This flag can help your cloud operator to take appropriate action when handling incidents that are related to mission-critical accounts in production systems. Do not apply for subaccounts that are used for nonproduction purposes, such as development, testing, and demos. Applying this setting this does not modify the subaccount. Possible values are: 
	- `UNSET` Global account or subaccount admin has not set the production-relevancy flag (default value).
	- `NOT_USED_FOR_PRODUCTION` Subaccount is not used for production purposes.
	- `USED_FOR_PRODUCTION` Subaccount is used for production purposes.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```terraform
# terraform import btp_subaccount.<resource_name> <subaccount_id>

terraform import btp_subaccount.my_project 6aa64c2f-38c1-49a9-b2e8-cf9fea769b7f
```
