---
page_title: "btp_subaccount_destination_certificate Resource - terraform-provider-btp"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Creates a destination certificate in a subaccount.
  	__Tip:__
  	You must be assigned the Destination Admin or the Destination Certificate Administrator role in the subaccount.
  
  	__Further Information:__
  	<https://help.sap.com/docs/connectivity/sap-btp-connectivity-cf/use-destination-certificates>
---

# btp_subaccount_destination_certificate (Resource)

Creates a destination certificate in a subaccount.
		
		__Tip:__
		You must be assigned the Destination Admin or the Destination Certificate Administrator role in the subaccount.

		__Further Information:__
		<https://help.sap.com/docs/connectivity/sap-btp-connectivity-cf/use-destination-certificates>

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Subaccount specific Destination Certificate
resource "btp_subaccount_destination_certificate" "dest_cert" {
    subaccount_id = "6aa64c2f-38c1-49a9-b2e8-cf9fea769b7f"
    certificate_name = "test.pem"                               // Ensure to include a certificate file extension, refer documentation for the valid extensions
    certificate_content = filebase64("path_to_file")
}

# Service Instance specific Destination Certificate
resource "btp_subaccount_destination_certificate" "dest_cert" {
    subaccount_id = "6aa64c2f-38c1-49a9-b2e8-cf9fea769b7f"
    service_instance_id = "bc8a216f-1184-49dc-b4b4-17cfe2828965"
    certificate_name = "test.pem"                               // Ensure to include a certificate file extension, refer documentation for the valid extensions
    certificate_content = filebase64("path_to_file")
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `certificate_content` (String, Sensitive) The content of the certificate in base64 format.
- `certificate_name` (String) The name of the certificate with a valid certificate extension. Supported certificate types include .pem, .p12, .jks and .pfx
- `subaccount_id` (String) The ID of the subaccount which contains the certificate.

### Optional

- `service_instance_id` (String) The ID of the service instance associated with this certificate.

### Read-Only

- `certificate_nodes` (Attributes List) List of certificate nodes containing details about the certificate and private key components. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--certificate_nodes))
- `certification_creation_details` (Attributes) Details about how the destination certificate was created and its configuration settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--certification_creation_details))

<a id="nestedatt--certificate_nodes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `certificate_nodes`

Read-Only:

- `algorithm` (String) The cryptographic algorithm used in the key.
- `alias` (String) An identifier used for the key.
- `certificate` (String, Sensitive) The complete X.509 certificate in PEM format, encoded as base64.
- `common_name` (String) The common name (CN) extracted from the certificate subject. May be null if not specified in the certificate.
- `format` (String) The format of the certificate or key.
- `issuer` (String) The certificate issuer which identifies the certificate authority that signed the certificate.
- `not_after` (String) The expiration date and time (in ISO 8601 format) after which the certificate is no longer valid.
- `not_before` (String) The start date and time (in ISO 8601 format) from which the certificate is valid.
- `subject` (String) The certificate subject which identifies the owner of the certificate.
- `type` (String) Denotes the type of the node i.e., 'private_key' or 'x509_certificate'.


<a id="nestedatt--certification_creation_details"></a>
### Nested Schema for `certification_creation_details`

Read-Only:

- `auto_renew` (Boolean) Specifies whether the certificate is automatically renewed before it expires.
- `common_name` (String) The common name (CN) associated with the certificate.
- `generation_method` (String) Specifies the method used to create the certificate.
- `has_password` (Boolean) Indicates whether the certificate is protected with a password.
- `validity_duration` (String) The numeric duration for which the certificate is valid.
- `validity_time_units` (String) The time unit associated with the validity duration, such as `DAYS`, `MONTHS`, or `YEARS`.


